doc: charge-srd determination rolls. (#33)
fariapp/fari-games: public/documents/fari-rpgs/charge-srd.md

- On a `6`, the `consequence` is avoided.
- On a `66`, the `consequence` is avoided, and you get +1 position for your next roll.

> #### Designer Note: Hacking Determination Rolls
> 

> > Determination rolls act as a mechanism for the players to say "no, I don't think so" when something bad happens to their character.

Reviewer: Maybe use "resist" in intro since it's used below without much definition?

```suggestion
> Determination rolls act as a mechanism for the players to resist and say "no, I don't think so" when something bad happens to their character.
```

> 

> > There are two important things you should look at if you want to hack this mechanic. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> There are two important things you should look at if you want to hack this mechanic:
```

Author: You think I should place a dot here instead of the colon? I used a colon because of the list belie

Reviewer 2: It's a sentence to introduce the list below, so it sounds a good idea for me

> 
> - First, how does one resist a consequence. 
> - Second, what should be the cost of trying to resist a consequence. 
> 

> > By default, you try to resist by spending momentum to build a determination pool in the hope of reducing or even canceling an incoming consequence. The cost, in the case, is paid in `momentum` since you will not be able to spend later to `push yourself` or `assist` an ally.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> By default, you try to resist by spending momentum to build a determination pool in the hope of reducing or even canceling an incoming consequence. In this case, the cost is paid in `momentum` since you won't be able to spend more later to `push yourself` or `assist` an ally.
```

> 

> > Perhaps that for your game, characters resist consequences by making a roll based on certain stats. Another option might be for the PCs to sacrifice certain assets, previously defined as `details`, to outright cancel a consequence.

Reviewer: The first option doesn't sound like a sacrifice, just potential risk of failure - but the next line implies some sacrifice should be involved. Not sure what to do here - maybe suggest they can spend momentum to improve the roll? 

```suggestion
> Perhaps that for your game, characters resist consequences by making a roll based on certain stats - allowing players to choose if they want to sacrifice momentum for a better roll. Another option might be for the PCs to sacrifice certain assets, previously defined as `details`, to outright cancel a consequence.
```
